Hallelujah.
Can you believe that the week Yemi got a beloved?
He didn't come to dance.
I was waiting to announce that it's two over three.
The brother but another guy who also needs a beloved.
Somebody shout God forbid.
Hallelujah.
Are you excited to be in church?
Are you excited for what God has for you?
You know we only have two more Sundays and this is one of them till the end of the year.
And I believe that at the 10th of the year, God is about to transform something in you.
And we are crossing over into a new season with blessings.
Amen.
Are you ready to hear from your prophet?
Are you ready to hear?
The Bible says they prospered through the prophet signs.
I know you went to school.
I know you work hard.
I know you have a good job.
But your prosperity is coming because of the prophet signs of the man of God that God has sent to you.
And this is your time.
This is your moment.
It's time for a miracle.
It's time for a breakthrough.
And if you believe it, lift one hand and shout, I believe it.
Come on, lift your hands.
Let's sing it.
Nothing is impossible when you put your trust in God.
Nothing is impossible.
Nothing is impossible when you're trusting in Him.
Hark into the voice.
Is there anything too hard?
Hard for me, then put your trust.
Come on, lift your hands and declare.
I see the Holy Spirit moving.
Is there anything too hard for God?
Father, thank you for today and for your great blessings that are coming to us in this power moment.
Bless our lives and as we receive your wonderful, amazing word for today.
Let it be a word that influences 2020.
works things out.
Let your will be done.
We are grateful.
Lord, we are excited.
We thank you for this blessing in Jesus' name and everyone said amen.
You may be seated.
Wow.
As a blessing,
We are back from Crusades and we thank the Lord for his blessing.
We had powerful Crusades in Drobo, in Gosu, and in Tepa, all in the Brongahafu region of Ghana.
We saw the road to Komasi, which is still not
One of the most terrible roads and most dangerous roads ever in the whole world is the road from Accra to Kumasi.
It's amazing.
Very, very, very, very, very unfortunate.
But we thank God we had good crusades and the Lord was with us.
Amen.
Well, it's Christmas time.
And tonight we have, I think, Carol's night.
And next Sunday is the last Sunday in the year.
And then after that, by the grace of God, we'll be in 2020.
All right.
Now, in 2020,
Every seed that the enemy has planted in your life will be uprooted.
So we will just pray at a point, but this morning I want to share with you on, is it Hamilton which has come?
Not Hamilton.
It feels a little hazy.
So anyway, you know, one of the things that I'm convinced about is that the reason for a lot of difficulties that we have is basically one thing.
And that is, it is a curse or curses that are working.
because we start out with a lot of bright hopes for the future.
And we start out hoping for the very best.
Every wedding you attend, you see a lot of hopefulness and you see a lot of
expectation of good things.
How many have an expectation for good things?
Right?
Now, at that very wedding where you attend, you'll see a lot of people sitting there having no hope for good things and great things.
And everyone's got a story about how their life ended up in the way things are.
Everybody's got a story.
Everybody's got a story of a unique way in which the state of sadness and happiness and discontentment was arrived at.
And that in itself is a reason for you and I to recognize and fear the existence of some kind of a curse.
A curse is such that whether you go left or right, it's there.
Whichever way
you turn, it is there.
And that is why you would call it a case.
Are you there?
Yeah.
So that picture is
That picture is the picture of a kiss.
Whether you go this way, whether you go that way, whether you go this way, it turns out to be a kiss.
So it is important
that we have a good respect for cases and blessings.
And that is why I am sharing with you what I'm sharing.
Hello, hello.
Listen to me when I'm preaching please.
Now, if you take Africa, whether we are colonized by the British or colonized by the French,
or we were not colonized.
Our colonized by Italians is the same.
The picture is the same.
You just have to travel to see.
We used to hear colonialism, neocolonialism is the reason for our problems.
Libya was colonized
by Italy.
Algeria and so on, they all speak French.
Many people you see, white people you see in France are Algerians.
They're from Algeria, from Morocco.
They are whitish.
All of them, if you speak Arabic, you see that they start speaking.
because France was there.
Italy was in Libya.
France was in Côte d'Ivoire.
And you hear of Abidjan.
But one time I met an Ivorian.
He said there is no area like an estate, like how in Ghana we have
Trasako estate and such.
There's nothing like that in Abidjan.
There's no estate.
Yes.
Whether we were colonized or not colonized, whether it was Italians, French, English, Portuguese, Angola, Mozambique,
Belgium also colonized, whether it was Belgians.
Belgium took over the Congo for years.
It comes to the same thing.
That is how you notice the presence of cases.
Are you with me?
If it goes here, it still becomes that.
If you look at Ghana,
whether it was CPP followed by, I don't know what party, UP or SMC.
We had SMC1 and SMC2, Supreme Military Council.
Whether it was NLC, we also had an NLC.
Weather is PFP.
We had a PFP before.
CPP, PNDC, NDC, NPP.
We have almost the same conditions.
And they are quite different people, you know.
PNDC was a revolution.
PNDC was soldiers.
It was a flight lieutenant.
Flight lieutenant is not a very high rank.
Flight lieutenant is, you know, we have lieutenant, and then you have, after lieutenant, you have what?
Whatever.
Captain, yes.
So a flight lieutenant is lower than a lieutenant in the air force realm.
We have it.
It comes to the same.
like soldiers.
We are doing this.
We are changing this.
No more kalabule.
No more... You don't have to hoard your milk.
You can't hoard sugar.
Yes, people were whipped for hoarding.
Bring out your cartons.
Your cartons of milk, cartons of sugar.
They were lashed.
Huh?
Yes.
People's houses were seized.
A lot of correction was done within six months.
Yes.
If you have more than 50... We've changed currencies.
We've even changed... We've even changed nodes.
Everybody has 50 CD nodes.
Or 50,000 CD nodes.
It was a 50 CD node.
bring it.
And so people had a lot of money at home and it was all fifties.
Yes, they seized all.
So, we need a particular tribe to rule us.
We need an Ashanti.
Have we had an Ashanti before?
Yes.
Who was that?
Jay Kufo, yes.
Jay Kufo from Kumasi, Kumasi proper.
We need what?
An A-way.
We had an A-way.
JJ Rawlings for 20 years.
Yes.
We need a fancy.
We had president Mills.
We need a gun.
General Ankara was our head of state.
We need a nofna.
We've had enough of southerners.
We need a nofna to be our leader.
Hila Liman.
And President Mahama.
We need a bono.
A bono?
Who was that?
Dr. Buzia.
Every region has had its tent.
Achim, we need an achim.
Achim is on.
Wow.
And it amounts to the same picture.
Amazing, isn't it?
Yeah.
That's why I'm saying to you that we need to look carefully in our lives.
at anything that brings cases.
That's all I'm saying.
And I want you to fear cases, respect cases and respect things that bring cases.
If you don't respect them and you don't fear them, you play with them and you keep activating cases and life become more complicated.
Are you with me?
And it's not as it seems.
life doesn't become how you have the hopes for.
We are so young in this church.
Our faces are so fresh.
We have such hopes.
If you see your parents, you see them very quiet.
Have you not noticed that they are quiet?
Lately you've noticed it.
And they look sort of calm.
They've been mellowed.
They don't seem so excited.
They seem wary of people.
They seem wary of things.
When you even say something, they'll ask you, where is he from?
Why are you asking that?
Where is he from?
Hey, what has he got to do with happiness?
Are you still in the church?
Listen, what I want us to do is to be at a place
where we will activate at least fewer cases.
If even we are activating, they should be fewer from today.
Amen.
They should be fewer.
Because if you don't believe what I'm saying, you will marry the nicest person that is possible to marry.
in terms of a man, or in terms of a woman, or in terms of anything.
And you will be the saddest with the nicest.
People will look at you and say, this is the ideal what I would desire.
But you will not be experiencing the ideal at all.
You get what I'm saying?
Yes.
You may say, let me marry somebody that is my age so that it wouldn't be that he's sleeping when I am awake.
You know, because if you marry an older person, see that in the evening he's falling asleep whilst you are awake because he's an old man.
If married an old man.
Now, you marry someone who is your age so that there will be activity.
Another thing also comes out of that.
Then you marry an older person so that there will be respect.
Say, at least he must be eight years older than me.
So that there will be peace and respect.
Not knowing that that one is rather going to become wider.
Let me marry somebody who is in church.
Because this one married somebody who was from another church.
And it became a problem.
Then you married somebody from the church.
It still is a problem.
Are you listening to my preaching?
What I'm trying to say is that a case is something that whether you do this, you do this, you do that, you do that.
That's why it becomes a problem.
That's why when Paul came out of the ship, the storm that was sinking the ship,
he came out and was warming his hand by the fire.
And a snake came out and caught him.
The people said this man is a wizard.
He's a cash man because he has escaped the water and he has fallen straight into another problem.
How can it be this thing happens to you one person?
From this, then it becomes this.
Are you with me?
Yes.
So, I am preaching this preaching because
When you are younger, you really need to learn certain things.
Let's take lying.
What I have found is that we have two types of children.
Children who don't respect lying and children who fear lying, telling lies.
These are two types of people, and you grew up with it.
Lying is
Perhaps the first sign of the devil in you, just as speaking in tongues is the first sign of the Holy Spirit.
Lying is the first sign of the devil in you.
That there is devils working in your life when you tell lies.
We have two types of Christians and everybody here is in the truth.
And one type is far bigger than the other type.
One type is used to lie until you never even notice when you are lying at a point.
And when you even become a Christian, you use lying to do good things.
Like you tell lies to go to church, lies to read your Bible, lies to pray, lies to be around, lies to do what you want to do.
Because you feel and know that lying is normal.
Lies when you are preaching, lies about what you are saying when you are preaching, and so on.
Because you grew up accepting it as part of your life without even sometimes knowing it.
Yes.
But there are certain cultures where telling a lie is, I mean, it's like the ultimate sin.
You never lie.
And lying is the foundation for the rest of the evils, I tell you.
Once you are good at lying, number one, you never admit anything.
Number two, you always have a defense.
And many of your defenses will be lies.
And the lie, a lie is like a wall that is incomplete.
It works up to a point that at a point it's not there.
They realize that, oh, from here to here there's no wall.
And you see that your lies have failed you.
Because you put your trust in a lie.
And the lie was a wall that protected you for a while.
But at a point it was absent.
And said, the things are working through the wall.
Are you there?
It's the basis of pretending.
It's the basis of being a Judas.
It's the basis of Satan's presence in your life.
It's the basis of every sin that you are going to commit, because everything needs a lie to cover up.
So once you are used to it, you have opened yourself up to things.
Yes, wide open.
So brothers and sisters, I am sharing with you things that will help you, you know, if you have a child and the child has taken chicken from the kitchen.
Some people will punish the child and say, because you have taken this chicken, you won't even eat today.
But I would punish the child if I say, who took the chicken?
So I don't know.
You have eaten four.
Now say, I'll punish you for lying, but not for taking the chicken.
The chicken, the chicken is not a big deal.
What is a big deal is the lie.
The lie is, what is danger?
The lie is the devil.
So if you choose, if you want to choose between punishing for what to punish and what deserves a severe punishment is the lie.
so that they will grow up to know that we do everything but we don't tell lies.
And then you cut out a large portion of demonic activity from your life.
Yes.
Including living a lie.
A whole life is not true.
A whole life is not what it seems to be.
Your whole life is pretence.
Are you with me?
So it is time to put cases far from you in 2020.
Amen.
Yes, it's time to put cases far from you in 2020.
In fact, when you tell lies,
The most serious person that you tell lies to, do you know who it is?
Yourself.
Because you always lie to yourself about things.
So you tell yourself lies.
So you never, you are never self-searching and self-examining.
Like Paul said, examine yourself whether you even be in the faith.
I think people are going to die and be shocked that they are not Christians.
Yes?
Are you listening to me?
Are you there?
It's my preaching boring.
Let's look at the ten virgins.
The ten virgins.
You ask yourself.
Would you prefer to be?
You know, I'm sure some of them had a lot of makeup.
Some of them were really beautiful.
You get it?
Yeah.
But the difference was something hidden.
And that cost them everything.
Not what was seen.
It's true.
But what was hidden.
Many love the outward.
But what is hidden?
With them.
They don't focus on that.
And Jesus said it.
Don't bother to show your prayers to people outside.
Why don't you pray?
That's why, even to me, praying in church is not as powerful as praying on your own.
Me, ma'am, I'm into praying by myself.
I pray 99% of all my prayers by myself.
And a small fraction in church.
Very small.
Are you listening to me?
So, it is important that from today, whatever is bringing a kiss will bring a kiss will make you unhappy in the future.
You have to deactivate it.
Try your best.
Amen.
I see couples here that are getting married.
You look so nice.
You look so nice and fresh.
She looks so beautiful.
You also get in my, she's not here today.
I see these ones.
Nice, young, beautiful.
I see another one.
Beautiful, nice.
Everything is so nice.
How can such people who look so nice one day be sitting together and not talking?
But is the commonest you even predicted?
People don't like saying what I'm saying.
They want me to only say nice things.
They say they don't even talk to anybody.
You don't want me to preach real preaching.
You don't want me just massaging things.
The five virgins who were left out were left out not because of the outward, but because of something that nobody could see.
So when you are happy with yourself, nobody can see.
Yes, nobody can see.
But God, and it will show up at a certain, sometimes it's just a matter of time.
Because it was a matter of time, the bridegroom just came late.
And that wasn't it.
It just came out.
That's how those things are.
And it will destroy you.
You'll be excluded.
I said you'll be excluded.
No, you'll be excluded from the wedding.
You'll be excluded from the wedding when you don't check on the things that are not seen.
You'll be you'll be excluded.
You shouldn't shout amen too quickly.
Did you hear what is being said before you say amen?
I was surprised that you were shouting amen.
Beautiful.
So this is Christmas time.
So just during Christmas time, we don't preach for long.
We just have what do you call it?
Fellowship.
Now, there is a curse coming to you from your family.
And I want you to see and watch out for it.
Let's look at Abraham.
And I'm preaching from a book.
I was talking about Sons of Belial last week or whenever it was, Sons of Belial and Sons of Zion.
Let's look at Abraham.
Now, Abraham journeyed, that is Genesis 20 verse one.
Abraham said of Sarah his wife, she is my sister.
All right?
She is what?
My sister.
And Abimelech king of Jerusalem sent and took Sarah.
But God came to Abimelech in the dream and said, thou art but a dead man.
And what?
A dead man.
For the woman which thou hast taken, she is a man's wife.
Death is coming for taking somebody's wife.
They say, you are dead man.
Yeah.
You are but a dead man.
You see, all these things bring death.
All these things bring death.
Thou art but a dead man.
And he was a dead man because he had taken somebody's wife.
But a dead man.
So it's like you are dead but there's a small but left.
Now partly because Abraham had also had a path to play.
in Abimalec's problem.
Because Abraham told a lie.
Do you see?
So a lie was concerned.
He said, wife, no, it's not my wife.
Sarah, have I married you before?
No.
No, please.
She's my sister.
Wow.
death was coming to Abimelech because of what he was doing.
And it was also because of this man telling a lie.
So this was one of the crisis of Abraham's life.
And maybe when Sarah came back, their marriage was never the same again.
Nobody knows.
Because she also had had things.
When the prophecy came that she's going to have it, she goes, you laugh.
I might go to not have pleasure.
She was this type of lady who feel that they've grown beyond whatever.
I'm not a child.
Isn't that not going to teach me this?
That's how she was.
That's how Sarah was.
The Bible says so.
So you never know when she came back what attitude she had.
You can't stand up for your own wife and at least tell the truth.
Remember you did engagement, you did wedding.
Now you say I'm not your wife.
You handed me over to those Arabs.
You don't know what will happen to me.
They are going to misuse me and abuse me.
while you continue your journey.
Now, when Sarah eventually gave birth, she had only one child and she spoke, she probably spoke to her child.
Most people speak to their children.
Yeah.
You know, there are many people who don't like their fathers because of what their mothers have said.
Directly or indirectly.
Or also what their mothers have not said.
Yes.
You know, communication is made up of many things.
What you say, what you don't say.
Yes, how you say it.
All those are communication.
So now,
Isaac the only baby boy.
I'm sure Sarah was telling her him so many things.
Nobody knows.
Now later on Isaac also came along.
Let's read it.
He grew up Genesis 26.
Verse one.
And there was a famine and the Lord appeared to him.
go down to Egypt.
And the man of the place asked him of his wife, and he said, she is my sister.
For he feared to say, she is my wife.
Lest said he, the man of the place should kill me for Rebecca, because she was fair to look upon.
There is a spirit in your family which is headed directly for you.
If you joke, whatever problem your parents saw, you will have it in a way that you can't even know how.
And when I say exactly, the same exact thing can just descend on you.
But you may not know how.
It says she's my sister.
It came to pass when he had been there a long time.
Abimele king of Philistines looked out of the window and he saw Isaac was sporting with Rebecca, his wife.
And Abimele called us and said, but you said she is your sister.
And Isaac said unto her, because I said, lest I die for her.
And Abimele said, what is this that thou has done?
One of the people might likely have lined with thy wife, and thou should have brought guiltiness upon us.
guiltiness.
So, you see here again that the same, even if you want to call it a problem, condition or state, state, we are all now men who have said we don't have wives when we actually have wives.
The same state that your parent have, you know, just as you have
a condition like poverty.
It easily comes to the children.
Yeah.
Riches also easily moves.
If you have something, it comes to your child.
In the same way, the same thing that is with your parents is headed for you.
Yeah.
And that is why, that is why when you mock somebody, you rarely see
his wisdom.
You really understand a person when you mock a person.
That's what the Bible says, the eye that mocks his father rarely sees the issues as they are.
Yeah.
That's why Satan is out to make you to mock your father.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Now, let's take David.
for the sake of time.
I'm preaching until you are bored.
Yeah.
David and then he had sons.
All right?
Are you there?
Now what was David's problem?
Like what was the big crisis in his life?
The Bible says that David obeyed the Lord except in the matter of Uriah, the Hittites and Bathsheba.
So that was the biggest crisis.
Are you with me?
Okay.
Next problem, let's look at sons of David.
Let's start with Amnon.
Do you know Amnon?
Amnon had
went to rape his sister.
So in the case of David, it was somebody's wife, his colleague's wife, that he went to have.
Same woman problem, Amnon.
Then Absalom.
Absalom, you know when you go to Israel, there's a place called Absalom's pillar Yeah, you'll be there Maybe 2020 you never know Yes Now This time it was not somebody's wife.
She was not married.
It was a sister
half sister.
Alright?
Now, Absalom.
What did he do?
In 2nd Samuel chapter 16, then Absalom verse 20, then Absalom came to Ahitophel and he said, what should I do next?
What should I do next?
Change the version.
Change the version to another version, NLT.
NLT, if you have it.
Yeah.
Then Absalom turned to Ahitophel, who was his advisor, and said, what should I do next?
Wow.
What should I do, what?
That's the spirit of counsel.
Counsel is when you're advised.
You got a word about, do this, do this, do that.
And somebody tell, tell a lie, do this, do that.
So he turned to, what should I do next?
That's 21.
I told him, go and sleep with your father's concubines.
For he has left them here to look after the palace.
Then all Israel will know that you have insulted your father beyond hope of reconciliation.
And they will throw their support to you.
This is council.
And they will do what?
Yes.
The next verse.
So they set up a tent on the palace roof.
Yes.
Where everyone could see it.
And Absalom went in and had sex with his father's concubines.
Verse 23.
And Absalom followed Ahito fells advice
just as David had done.
For every word Ahitophel spoke, seemed as wise as though it had come directly from the mouth of God.
Yes.
So this is the traitor.
Ahitophel was David's top advisor.
You see, a traitor is somebody that you don't expect certain things from.
That's why he called the wet tree.
Everybody says bad things or does things that, but a person will not expect it from.
because of the person's closeness, that is traitor.
That's traitor.
So only close people can be traitors.
Yes, it's different from opposition, it's different from accusation.
I mean accusation, there are people who will accuse.
But a traitor is somebody who, like when your thoughts go through your mind, that person's name will never come to your mind.
It's on your team.
So Ahito Fell's name will never come to David.
Ahito Fell's name will not come to David.
Like it's possible that
like this.
Like maybe your watchman in the house, if you know or care to that your watchman who looks sleepy all the time is just in there, can organize umbrellas like if you know or care to that he's coordinating something.
Yes.
So Ahito fell was the unexpected.
No, no, I expect it from Ahito.
And he told David, he told
And you see, his things were, if Absalom had followed Ahitovel fully, he would have actually had victory over David because he knew David.
He understood him and he also was giving advice for victory because he was probably an advisor that whose advice leads to victory.
So in this evil, this advice was good in that sense for what he was trying to achieve.
But you see,
This was the one thing that the same problem that David had with woman.
Now, Absalom, I mean, went to the Atamust in another way.
Whether it is this or whether it is that, it seems to be a good choice with the sister.
This one is with wives, father's wives.
Now, let's come to Solomon, another son of David.
I'm trying to explain why problems, problems that fathers have seemed to descend on the children just like that because the thing is there.
It's coming.
You just have to play a little bit of whatever your father's things will be with you.
Now let's move to Solomon who is yet another son.
Are you there?
Yeah.
Now Solomon loved many strange women.
1 Kings 11 verse 1.
Together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zedonians, and Hittites.
And of the nations which the Lord set concerning the children of Israel, you shall not go in unto them, neither shall they come in unto you.
For surely they will turn your heart away after other gods.
But Solomon clave unto these in love.
And he had 700 wives, princesses, and 300 concubines, and his wives turned away his hat.
His wives did what?
Turned away his hat.
So maybe Solomon decided that, you know, my father had a problem with his marriage.
with a woman that was not he was not married to so media will marry everybody that so that you can never call it adultery but when something is headed for you whether it is this or that or whether it is that or that if you joke with it whatever you are joking with will surely
come to pass us this way or that way or that.
Some of you, you are not happy with your parents for this and that.
Are you surprised?
That's what you were not happy with.
You are times 10.
Times what?
Times 10.
So that's why you have to be careful.
Now, your father has a secret that may help you escape what he saw if he would be open to you.
Yes.
But why would he be open to you when you are far from him?
Why should your father open up and tell you something?
He would just, he would just look at you and nod and he says, okay.
Okay.
Why should he open to you?
Why should he open to himself to a mokka?
or you don't understand my questioning.
Why should your father open up his heart and tell you his life experiences to someone who mocks at him and someone who doesn't even love him?
He would just look at you and say, okay.
Okay.
I remember some, many people have come to say, oh, I want to marry this person.
I just say, okay.
Okay.
I say, I don't know the person.
So what is it?
Sometimes I know things, but I don't say.
Why should I open up?
People are not open.
Why should I be open?
Sometimes you are open.
A person would take what you say and turn it around.
So you don't open your mouth to mock us.
David could have told, and David could have told these guys, Amnon, Absalom, Solomon, he would have given them some input.
that maybe their lives would have been an improvement on his life.
How many want your life to be an improvement of your parents' lives?
Yes.
Many couples cannot say, after some years, I love you with all my heart.
The love I have for you is more than
more than it was ever.
I'm excited about you.
Happy.
No regrets at all.
They can't speak like that.
But can say things like, I thank God for my... My spouse, whatever it is.
Whether it's a male or a female.
Yes.
They can say things like... No.
They can say...
God has been good to us.
They can say it's been a journey.
They can say through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus.
They can say, they can say I love my husband or I love my wife and it to be true because we love the brethren.
We love, we have agape love.
We love, love is patient, love is kind.
Love is not jealous.
Love your enemies.
Love this.
I love my spouse.
All those things are true, but they are also not true in a certain way.
Yeah.
He that love is not known is not God.
For God is love.
Beloved, let us love one another.
I love my, and I want to say darling, God has been good to us, darling.
I thank God I met you.
You have enriched my life.
Yes.
You have enriched my life with many things.
With accusations with.
You have enriched my life with spiritual.
You have made me spiritual.
Humble.
You've humbled me.
You've made me a humble person.
I've seen.
Yes.
Give me a problem to pray about.
If I hadn't had a problem, I wouldn't know that God could solve them.
Don't be deceived by these speeches.
You see somebody giving a speech, wedding, business, and investment, and so on.
Don't let it deceive you.
That's why when you have problems, you look and you ask yourself, my marriage is very bad compared to the... Not knowing that yours is in the top 10 percentile, you are actually in the top 10.
So,
Absalom, Amnon, Solomon.
One way or another, what was worrying your mother?
What was worrying your mother?
For I realized it's worrying you too.
Yes.
Why your mother became a bigger widow or a bigger person is happening to you.
It's about to happen.
And why would he say?
I have so many sons.
There are things I could say to some of my sons in the ministry.
That would help them.
But when I look at them I realize I can't say.
I don't say.
Yes.
There are people I see that they are going to marry trouble.
They say that this person eh, you eh, what you are going to see eh, you see.
But I just look at them.
Sometimes I even officiate wedding for them.
And I pray.
Yes.
But the fact that I've prayed, who is it that says the thing in the coming to pass when the Lord commanded it not?
Who is it that says the thing in the coming to pass when the Lord commanded it not?
Are you listening to the preaching or the preaching is boring?
Because it's like I'm just talking, you see.
So whatever problem your father had, including poverty, can easily pass to you.
So when you despise your father, you may not know why he is poor.
Because he will never speak.
You know, people can detect that you despise me.
I know the people who despise me.
You think I say everything.
There are many things I don't say.
Yes.
Sometimes I have to meet with people, wicked people, and know things about them.
They think I don't know anything.
And I say that.
If they knew, they would jump out of their skin.
I'm watching all of them.
Yeah.
So, you must be humble.
And,
Have a certain eye.
Yes.
And you'll see that whatever was killing me, I can tell you and you'll see.
No.
This way better.
Let's look at another series of guys.
How many would like your father to disown you?
Let's look at some disownings.
Are you with me?
Now, Abraham, listen home.
Look at this one.
Abraham had children.
Isaac had sons also.
and Jacob had children.
Now, do you know that a first born is a special child?
Every first born is special because he's a first.
And of course, you should expect him to have some blessings because to open the womb, you have less oxygen for a long time.
When the baby is coming out, it really squeezes and squeezes and squeezes and squeezes and squeezes.
And sometimes the baby stays in that channel for some time
And sometimes it affects the thinking.
That's what I think.
Sometimes it affects the brain.
Sometimes it causes stubbornness and such things a lot.
Yes, for the lack of oxygen for a long time.
Yes.
You know, when a child is born, we have what we call the apka score.
You'll see how the child was breathing, what time he started crying.
Like if you are born and you don't cry for some time.
You know, it is one of the things we don't like at all.
Yeah, because when you don't cry, it means you are not breathing.
You are not breathing.
Oxygen is not going.
You know, and your color.
When you are born, your color.
You know, what color are you?
As you've come.
Are you blue?
Which shows that you don't have oxygen.
And so on.
These are so many things.
So that's why first bonds.
you know, a deal for certain blessings.
Now, in the case of Abraham, his firstborn, rather, when the blessings were coming to the side, bring number two.
In the case of Isaac, firstborn was there.
He was put aside number two.
In the case of Jacob, firstborn was there.
He was put aside.
It's amazing.
It's like magic.
Joseph too.
Joseph the same thing.
Joseph was the son of...
He was the next in line.
The first one.
The exchange.
The father put his hand here.
He said, no, this is the first one.
No, this is the second one.
Something has changed.
I'm just explaining to you that the thing that happened, that that condition where you have had such a wild family problem that your firstborn is not like your firstborn and he has to be set aside.
It's a wild family problem.
Genesis 21 verse 14.
And Abraham rose up early in the morning and took bread, bottle of water, gave it to Hagar, putting it on her shoulder and the child and sent her away.
and she departed and wandered in the wilderness of Bechiba.
That's Ishmael.
You can't imagine a baby whom you should have rather been keeping for school fees.
Somebody who is the firstborn, you put him on a donkey with the mother and say, move to the wilderness.
Maybe when Isaac grew up, he may have said that,
I am more loving than my father.
I'm the loving kind.
When somebody disciplines someone, people are often not happy with the discipline.
Like people standing around.
Because they don't understand or they don't know what it is.
So they say, why did you do that?
Why did you speak that way?
Why did you raise your voice?
Why are you shouting at him?
Why are you shouting at her?
Why is it so?
I mean, what is that that you need to do be like this?
Why?
When somebody was pregnant, you know, and when I found out that the person was pregnant, I said, I will admit you in the hospital.
Till you give birth, I won't let you free for one year.
Yes.
It is what I have seen.
You see, I am a pastor.
I've seen people struggle to have children.
And I've seen, we call it precious baby, precious.
I've seen people with a precious baby, even with IVF.
Even in those days, it was not as successful as it is.
IVF, they go to nine months and lose the baby at nine months.
But it's what I've seen.
I've seen people working and the baby has come out in the toilet.
Precious children.
I say, I'm your father.
If you don't mock me, I said, doctor, I'm saying, cool, here, sleep here, I will keep you there.
I just want this problem to go away.
And people talk.
Why?
What is it?
You don't know.
You've never seen certain problems before that have led to that action for Abraham to say, listen, live.
Live as a child.
You and your mother.
I don't know what to happen to you, whether you'll be eaten by lions and a lot of wild animals.
Those days, we have lions for desert, snakes for desert, everything there's one in the desert.
If you think it's only forest, every animal there's one desert one.
Yeah.
Somebody in Cadela had given birth to one baby and I said, get on the horse and get out.
Never see you again.
Somebody who said, God forbid, somebody said, ah, how?
quiet.
Rather, take your time.
Don't knock me.
Be gentle.
So, before I may be speaking with you one day, I may I may have advised you that when God is moving and he hasn't seemed to move, take your time.
Don't go and get any maid.
Don't do this.
There cannot be trouble that is going to come and you cannot at all.
But since you knock me out, I'll never have that discussion with you.
You will see it for yourself.
Times
You see, sons never hear the secrets of their fathers and their fathers.
Yes.
When Benihim came to Ghana, he was speaking to Joshua, my son Joshua.
He told him many secrets.
Yes.
Things that I thought but I had no proof.
But he told him directly.
Because he took him as a son.
And told him.
I want to tell you this.
You never hear such things?
Wait a second.
Look at this man.
Why is he doing this?
Who is he this?
Who is this?
How is this done?
Done and done.
And the test comes on you more.
All right.
You look very quiet.
I don't know what I'm doing something wrong.
Genesis 27.
How Isaac set aside his firstborn son.
And like now, you never know that.
Is it possible?
And Isaac made an end of blessing Jacob.
And Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac from Bethlehem.
And
from hunting.
And he also made savory meat and brought it unto his father.
And Isaac's father said to his father, who are you?
I said, I am your firstborn.
I am what?
Your firstborn?
I'm the I'm the special one.
You are no more the special one.
It has happened to you too.
And Isaac trembled.
Where is he that has taken venison and brought it to me?
I've eaten of all before thou came as and blessed him.
Yay.
And he shall be blessed.
What I said is what I've said.
Remember when they wrote on Jesus, king of the Jews?
They said, please change his hand.
What I've written, I've written.
What I've said, I've said.
There are some things you can't take back.
When I moved here,
from the Kodesh, I said, I'm not going back.
I was in the canteen.
I said, I'm not going back.
There are some decisions when I take, I can't reverse, and I won't reverse.
There are categories of decisions.
Once you go, it's like a plane.
The reason why Concorde, there was one crash with the Concorde.
After that, they stopped using it.
It took off in Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris.
But before it took off, once it was on the runway, they radioed the pilot and told him, your engine is on fire.
You're on fire on the side.
But they said, please, you can't go back.
There's some things you can't go back.
You can't go back.
A blessing will be blessed.
I set him as a blessed one.
And I said that his brother should bow down to him.
can't change it.
They call the parlor.
They say, you're either the engine or the tire has caught fire.
But he couldn't.
So he had to go.
He had to go.
And we are talking about the speed of sound.
Not yet at the speed of sound, but he would have gotten to the speed of sound.
But he took off with the smoke with everything.
Can't go back.
And Judas knew it.
He knew there was no going back.
Somebody wrote in his book, he said, men are more capable of handling cancer and earthquakes than handling deception and traitors.
They are more able to handle cancer and earthquakes than to deal with deceit and traitors.
I can't go back.
He didn't go back.
So now, Isaacos, as he said, I bless him.
I can't change it.
You're the first, but I bless him.
How will it happen?
I don't know.
That's what I'm telling you that, please, seek the secret heart of your father, of your pastor.
Seek the secret heart of the authority figure in your life.
seek his secret heart that he may speak to you, his heart, which may be the key that will keep you from the evil day and from an evil circumstance.
Now Jacob comes on the scene.
He asks, I said, no, it's not a good thing to have few children.
Let me have more children.
So he decides to have plenty.
Then at the end of his life, in Genesis 49, he called his children and started to bless them.
Come and listen, all sons of Jacob, Genesis 49 verse one, before he died.
Ah, I had a lot of children.
Let me tell you what is going to happen in the last days.
Mercy.
Verse two.
Gather your sons, yourselves together.
Hmm.
Come and listen, old son.
Put in the NLT.
NLT again.
NLT.
Come and listen.
Come.
Have you have you ever read that scripture where Solomon was talking in Proverbs?
My son attend to my words.
My son take heed to the things I am saying.
very, very, take them very seriously.
That's if you even get the words to hear in the first place.
You know, one day somebody called, she called, he called one of these ladies here and told her, when you have check service,
Are there any meetings after the church service with me?
He asked his daughter, are there any meetings?
He said, yeah.
He said, take that one very serious.
That's the main one.
It is not in this church.
It's not in this church.
He said, are there, those are the real things.
My son, look at this.
Look at, my son attend to my words.
Inclined I hear to my words.
Sayings or things I keep saying.
Yesterday, I learned a lesson of my life.
Because when I went to the Kadesh for the wedding, I had no idea.
I don't know that area.
It guided me.
And this time, I said, I'll humble myself.
Some 25, I think there's eight.
The mix shall he guide.
Yes.
I just decided, look, let me be humble.
and pay attention to what the thing is saying.
So it guided me.
So I'm 25 years nine.
The meek will he guide.
Every time that the Google Maps was speaking, I wanted to argue at the places that I knew.
I wanted to say, look, this is not the way.
I know a way.
It guided me.
Yes.
Joshua even called me when I was on the way.
He told me I should go to the motorway.
I should do this.
I said, listen,
Get me full of this thing, because I've never followed it fully with all my heart.
Yes.
I never follow it, because I always look at it and say, no, you cannot know more than me.
That's what I feel.
In my own country, you are telling me what to do.
Especially certain junctions that I know.
It was telling me to go twice.
I knew there's traffic.
Today is Saturday.
There's traffic.
There's no way.
But he said I should turn right.
The mick is only humble people that can be guided.
So the thing guided me, I tell him, it gave me 42 minutes.
Exactly.
It was true.
Now when I was coming home, I put in a new address and said, take me home.
This time, my trust was full.
I said, I believe everything that you say.
Yes.
And this time, he took me on a different journey.
I didn't know where I was, and I didn't care.
I was sitting on the phone.
I was like, turn right in 200 meters of no problem.
I will follow you.
The mix shall he guide in truth.
I tell you.
Suddenly yesterday when I was coming home, it guided me, right?
I said, I don't know any of this road.
Suddenly, it said turn right and join the Temamoto way.
I said, is that where I am?
When I entered the motor, I said, I am in the Temamoto way.
I couldn't believe it.
I didn't know how I got there.
I can never find the way again.
That should be your story.
God will take you to places you will never know how you got there.
He will guide you step by step by step by step until he brings you there.
The meek shall he guide in truth.
Look at it.
In judgment.
In the meek he will teach you.
It's only meek.
So that's why I said, in that verse, my son, attend to my sayings.
Daddy likes saying this.
Daddy always says this.
Daddy says this.
Daddy says, they are sayings.
They are sayings.
You have to, if you will get to hear the sayings.
Yes.
If you will get to hear the sayings.
Every time somebody offered me his car to drive, I wish to say, my daddy said I shouldn't drive somebody's car.
It wasn't a command.
It was something he said.
Yes, my father told me, don't signal for somebody to cross the road.
He told me, don't signal for somebody to cross the road.
Because you may signal for somebody to cross the road and a car will come from somewhere and knock the person and you will be liable.
He told me.
many things he said.
My mother too many, many.
If you get, if you don't mock, mock.
Yeah.
You never hear those sayings because of your attitude.
And the state that you see your parents in is a state you don't want, you don't like.
My mother doesn't look happy or even loving.
That's exactly how you are going to be.
Except you hear certain things.
Yes.
Now listen oh.
Jacob.
He said, put the scripture back on.
Genesis.
Come and listen you sons of Jacob.
Listen to Israel your father.
Okay.
Verse three.
Listen to your father.
Just listen.
Learn to listen in church.
listen for more than what is being said.
The preaching is going on but another thing is being talked about.
Listen.
Hear and hear sayings and things.
God speaks to everybody.
Look at it.
He says, Ruben, you are my firstborn.
I never knew that what happened to my grandfather, Abraham, who
and happened to my father Isaac, who sat my brother, he saw and blessed me.
Same thing is happening.
Robin, you are my first born, my strength.
You are the child of my vicarious youth.
It was when I was a vicarious young man that I gave birth to you.
I remember you.
I remember the first child.
You are the first in rank and first in power.
Verse four.
But you are as unruly as a flag.
And you will be first no longer.
You will not be the first again.
Same thing is happening.
Is it like a kiss in the family that every firstborn will never do well?
It looks like there's a kiss somewhere for firstborn.
So if you are here, you are a firstborn, a secondborn, a thirdborn, I don't know, but it could be.
And because you don't humble yourself, you see that it's falling to you.
It's like what I preach about Judas.
Only those who are close can be Judas.
But because you don't hear it well, you easily become a Judas.
Every close person is capable of that.
Yes, don't forbid.
But because you don't hear the thing well, the thing happens to you.
For you went to bed with my wife.
You defiled my marriage couch.
same things happening.
You see how your mother's face looks squeezed up, and your father looks sleepy in the afternoon.
It's coming to you too.
You will lack energy.
You will lack happiness.
You will only dress for functions and for ceremonies.
Only to show off in public.
Your marriage will be like the shell of an egg, whereas inside there is nothing.
Have you seen those ostrich eggs?
that they sell a big one.
They puncture the hole and let the thing come out.
It's all that your marriage is a shell.
Your life is a shell, but inside there's nothing.
No life, no egg, no yoke.
Yeah.
I hope my message is not difficult for you to understand.
You know, one day my father told me something.
He said to me, it's not as you think.
I didn't even know what he was talking about.
But he never pinpointed what he said.
He told me, it's not as you think it is.
He was trying to tell me something that I would hear him and believe.
You see, like Potipha and his wife, it's not as it looks.
It's not as it looks.
It looks as if Joseph was doing something, but it's not as it seems.
He was trying to tell me something.
It's not as it looks or as it seems on the surface.
It's not like that.
It's not like, yes, there's evidence, but it's not like that.
Yes.
Joseph.
Joseph was dying.
They called the sons.
If you find the scripture, put it up.
And he laid hands on them.
And when they were laying hands, when Jacob was laying hands on the two boys, Manasseh and Ephraim.
His father wanted to lay hands on Manasseh.
Yeah, look at it.
beautiful.
Put it up.
Yes, Joseph told him, these are the sons God has given me here.
And Jacob said, bring them close.
So, now I believe in blessing, you know?
One day, I went to my friend's church, Reverend Steve Manson.
He told me, do you know who came here yesterday?
I said, no.
He said, Reverend
redeemed church.
This church, they meet two million people.
Yesterday I was watching television, I saw the two million people.
I don't know if it's a camp meeting.
Two million, you see them.
I watched it yesterday.
Yes, a church.
So I said, what did he come to do?
He said he came to attend the wedding of a girl who was either the daughter of one of his members.
So he said, when he came to the church,
I wanted him to preach.
I said, how can I preach when this man is there or do whatever?
The man said, no preaching.
I just came to lay hands on this blessing.
He took a private jet from Nigeria, came here, landed at the airport, came to the wedding.
He just wanted to lay hands and bless her.
And then back to the airport.
It is when you grow that you will see that the way things go like this, like this, like this.
You understand it better.
Just turn this way.
A nice thing to turn this way.
Put it back.
Bring them closer so I can bless them.
Now the eyes of Israel were deemed for age so that he could not see and he brought them here and he kissed them and
And Israel said to Joseph, I have not thought to see thy face.
Oh, thank you, Jesus.
The things I thought I would never see.
Things I thought I would never find.
But God's power, God's power can make you see things you thought you will never see.
May 2020 and the years ahead,
things you thought you would never see.
He said, I thought I had not thought to see thy face.
I had not thought to see certain things.
And lo, God has showed me also thy seed.
God has showed me also thy seed.
Verse 12.
And Joseph brought them out from between his knees.
and bowed his face to the air.
Because a great father who has nothing but words.
He has nothing but words.
He's about to speak.
And the father said, Joseph took them both.
He framed in his right and towards Israel's left hand.
And Manasseh in his left towards Israel's right hand.
Because the right hand is the hand of strength and brought them near.
So, Manasseh was coming to this hand.
Ephraim was coming to the left side.
Look at what happened.
Next verse.
And he just stretched out his right hand and laid it on Ephraim's head.
Who was the younger?
And his left hand on Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly.
For Manasseh was the first one.
He avoided the first one.
So, no.
The first would be second.
The second would be first.
May you not be replaced.
Are you watching?
Look at it.
And look at verse 15.
And he blessed Joseph.
No, is it the best before?
His father told him, 14.
All right, go on.
16.
The angel which redeemed me.
from all evil.
And I prophesy whatever evil Satan has incubated around you for you.
He says the angel which delivered me redeemed me from all evil.
Bless the lads.
And let my name be
Abraham and Isaac.
And let them grow into a multitude in the midst of death.
Hallelujah.
And verse 17.
And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim,
And he held up his father's hand to remove it from Ephraim's head and to Manas' head.
And Joseph said, not so, my father.
This is the first one.
Put your hand on his head.
Put your hand.
I mean, I don't like shaking hands.
If you come to me, don't shake my hand.
I don't like shaking hands.
Hands are spiritual objects.
Yeah.
Keep your hands.
He said, not so.
Put your right hand on his head.
His father refused and said, I know it.
I know it.
He will also become a great people.
He shall also be great.
But his younger brother shall be greater than him.
And his seed shall become a multitude of nations.
So brothers and sisters, I believe, sit down, sit down.
Don't end my preaching, please.
What I'm trying to explain to you today is that there are reasons for things.
And God wants you to become someone who has avoided some of the cases.
I don't think it's so easy to avoid all because there are so many things in the system.
Yes.
There are many times I've looked in my life, I said, hmm, is this not a case?
I've looked at things, I wondered, is this not a case?
That I'm experiencing.
But I believe that there are many things you can escape from.
And from today, you are going to be an escaped artist.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Don't go blindfolded straight into hell.
Listen.
Trust.
The meek will he guide.
Listen, in closing, I want to tell you something.
You don't know enough about everything.
You don't know what?
Enough.
You know something, but not enough.
God will show you more.
Recently I had a vision.
God showed me.
He said, you see this?
He said, there's more of this.
I said, really?
He said, yeah, there's more.
I said, wow.
I realized that we know, but we don't know much.
We don't know enough.
We are going to begin to know many things.
Receive the spirit of knowledge.
And wisdom is the ability to apply what you know.
Receive also the spirit of wisdom.
and begin to apply what you know.
Now, the spirit of understanding is when you know broadly, you know, like a doctor knows what a nurse knows, but understanding, he knows a little more.
So he knows more, helps him to be wiser.
And the spirit of counsel is when you get advice and somebody says, do this.
Different types of advice, lie.
You have to advise even yourself.
Don't do this.
Tell a lie.
Don't confess.
Don't say this.
Say that.
different advice.
It's like that's it.
But the truth.
You see, truth has a seed in it.
Everybody say truth has a seed.
What seed does it have?
It has the seed of liberty.
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free.
Freedom from demons.
Freedom from devils.
God is going to bless you in 2020.
Stand to your feet.
Are you sad or happy?
Sad.
Ooh, my bridge has made you sad.
Huh?
It feels like I haven't finished.
Yeah, there's more to say.
By the time.
No, no, no, please, please.
We cannot reverse this decision.
Are you still around?
Yeah.
I want you to step on fewer snakes.
Do you know what is life like?
Look at me, I'm going to show you.
Can I show you something?
I cannot jump too high.
But it's a bit like this, you see.
Supposing this place is covered with snakes.
Life is like a floor of snakes.
Before you realize you stepped on something that you shouldn't have stepped on.
Yes.
Now, I'm going to show you a scripture.
Are you there?
Yes.
Are you watching?
Sanaloma, Palen de Comarali, out of cases that if you step on it, every, every problem, every problem has a solution.
I tell you.
Listen.
That is the solution.
That Satan deprives most of us from.
Shall I show you the solution?
What does it say?
If, first John 1, if we confess, condition, if we confess, what's going to happen?
He is.
Faithful, that means that he will remain fatherly.
Faithful stays, constant stays, constant.
Faithful and just fair, he will be fair.
Justice, he will be fair.
He will not be unfair.
To forgive, to cleanse.
Most of us believe in lying rather than in confessing.
is confessing that has the condition of persistent fathering of God.
I will be faithful.
I will change to become your executioner.
I will remain your father.
It's not written.
Are you watching it?
Yes.
If we confess.
Most of us
never confess where lies of many things.
So we are not receiving God's faithful fathering because a father can change into your executioner.
Everybody who is executing another is an executioner and the father of a child.
Yes.
That's why
Lord make me pure in heart.
Confess.
Cleanse our lives in the innermost places.
And not be a master of lies and falsehood.
Never be forgiven.
You'll never be forgiven, which is the main thing you need.
Yes.
And some people confess with lies in addition.
Hmm, multiplying cases.
That is the condition.
One of the main conditions for coming out of the snake you step on by mistake.
If it's a mistake, even if it's not a mistake, still it's a snake.
Lift your hands and pray for a moment.
Father, thank you for the blessing of your holy word.
Jesus.
Pala Raman Dari Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali Dali
Yes.
Zira Kiatola Mamandara Risto Kobambre Nikesandala.
Chia Kavanomo Misere Neketu.
La Riga Tarunama Musson Paranike Stilambra di Gevenbo.
Ongeligia Vartonma Migheria Tenezunda.
Malurana Fihkaluwa Mutanunga Tsongeneve de Didadumale.
Let me tell you that I love you so much.
I love you so much.
Uleva Lukasari, Keterolombala, Renevidos, Mice, Luka, Luka Tavino, Monprendele, Cuscabuanda, Lengiolumo, Onevi Galusma, Mikantanu, Momene Nengre, Deglamba, Alombere, Dize, Celevovala, Lakutambo, Usmavunke,
In Chilaro, Roste, Boloco, Fikatala, Rapalumbe, in Tanuma, Amanuno, Ocimenemble, Klesomba, Faramante, Livri, Adiga, Suvanka, Ciambor, Rovendale, Livvalamu, Kotolomo, Siam, Paraná, Luz, Konfalimbo, Ponce, Legevanda, Lasmande, Inanika, Lambo, Rendevina, Misalika, Cichelevo, Pololembe, Nemina Nassula, Ayamuniki, Talavo, Ivalaro,
I don't know what to do.
Thank you.
Number twenty-three, twenty-three is going to be our little process.
Surely, there is no enchantment against Jacob.
Hallelujah.
You see, there is no, no word that is working.
Nothing is working against me.
Neither is there any divination against Israel.
According to this time, it shall be said of Jacob and of
So surely there is no entanglement, neither is there any divination.
Hallelujah.
I want us to not just say in Jesus' name there is no entanglement.
Maybe there is entanglement.
Maybe.
Lift your hand and say, 2020, I am entering 2020 without an enchantment around my life.
Jesus.
And around my life.
Whatever represents an enchantment or a spell or a curse.
In Bombandala, Assam, Bombangela, Gondawala, Gavandala, Vujela, Gejele, Mamma, Rede, Vege, Jula, Maqatale, Deroba, Kassapa, Rito, Fali, Ketele, Mo, Mendele, Busa, Paragene, Mosso, Severe, Ketele, Mamma, Rassa, Fatalum, Monet, Lengem, Blockrafa, Mintan, Kompalali, Zento, Kampalalu, Zento, Kamparavi, Zempen, Kanto, Lama, Radavikato, Feke, Tele, Mo.
No enchantment.
I guess my business.
I guess my work.
I guess my future.
I am
I'm a man.
Lift your right hand.
No enchantment.
No curse.
No spell.
2020 in the name of Jesus.
I am entering 2020 without a curse.
Without enchantment.
It shall be said of me.
There's no entanglement against me.
There's no spell.
Let's go cast and it's activated.
That is working in my life.
Hallelujah.
Now, there is no divinity.
You see, some of us are worried about somebody casting a spell on you from
But I tell you, the Bible says, a curse causeless, my God, shall not come.
There must be a cause.
That's why when we say there is no entrantment, that as you enter 2020, whatever cause you have given for a spell.
for an enchantment, for a curse, for the denation to activate and to work.
We are leaving it behind in twenty nineteen.
In the name of Jesus.
Lift your hand and just declare and pray.
Lord, take every curse for an enchantment out of my life.
Yes.
As we end this year, I'm crossing over with this enchantment.
This is
Yes.
It ceases to exist in my
from 2020.
In the name of Jesus.
Every marital spell is broken.
Every business spell is broken.
Every spell in my household is broken.
Every spell of my work is broken.
In the name of Jesus.
Every
is broken.
Every generational curse and spell is ended.
I am free.
I am free from every entanglement.
Spoken by anyone.
No curse.
I want that into my house in 2020.
No spell.
I want that into my home in 2020.
No entanglement.
I'll find
into my car in 2020 in the name of Jesus.
I am every manipulation.
Every manipulation of my future of my life.
by demons and demonic powers.
I overturn it in the name of Jesus.
Every activity of the time against me.
I overturn it.
I reverse every word spoken against me.
And against me in secret places, in meetings, in discussions, in conspiracies, in amongst people.
That hit me, that hit my life, that hit my destiny.
I cast my conspirators.
I cast them in the name of Jesus.
That's around me like bees.
That's around me like flies.
In the name of Jesus.
I am free from the manipulations of demonic powers, over my destiny, over my success, over my improvement, over my ministry.
I escaped.
I escaped from every wandering curse that is looking for somebody.
I escaped from enchantments and spells.
against my soul, says against my life, says against my future.
As a bless of the lord, I can no longer be cursed.
All to the days of my life.
I can no longer be cursed or enchanted.
The happening, sir.
The happenings of 2020 shall reveal there is a blessing in my life and not a curse.
The happenings and events of the coming year shall prove there's a blessing and not a curse.
I wiggle out of a curse.
I escape from bondage.
I escape from chains.
I escape from predictions of wickedness, frustrations and humiliation.
Discontentment.
Jesus.
Thank you father.
Yes.
Beginning from 2020.
You are imagining.
I said you are imagining.
Free from the curse.
Free from all types.
Of enchantments.
Yes.
And spells.
And caresses.
Lift your hands.
and thank God that you are emerging.
How many concerns that you are emerging from?
situation into a blessed situation.
Thank the Lord right now.
Yes.
You are imagining.
You shall imagine.
You shall imagine out of 2019 and into 2020.
MAMARANDO MAKABARANDALI MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA MAMANDALI BABARAMARALA
Oh, yes.
Thank you, Father.
Jesus.
Father, we thank you.
We thank you.
For blessing us.
Yes.
To emerge.
In 2020.
Oh.
As champions.
Uvacames.
Esquipis.
Yes.
from all manner of cases in enchantments.
Thank you for this blessing.
Thank you Lord.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Yes.
And everyone shouted amen.
Amen.
As every head is bowed and every eye closed, you are here.
You want to give your life to Jesus Christ?
Let me pray with you right now.
Maybe somebody invited you to church but you don't know Jesus as your savior.
I want to say pastor, please pray with me.
I want to give my life to God.
If you are here like that, every standing please, every standing, every standing.
Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to God.
If you are here like that, lift your hand like this and come to me in the front.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
Lift your hand.
God bless you.
You want to be born again today.
Come from the back.
Come from wherever you are.
Come, come, come to Jesus.
God bless you.
Let him have his way.
Alright.
Let's pray.
Say this prayer with me.
Say, Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I give my life to you.
Close your eyes and I give my life to you.
I give my heart to you.
Please write my name in the book of
I belong to God.
I will serve Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Lord, for blessing me, saving me today.
I love you.
I thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books, all of you here.
And when we close, you come to the side over here.
And we are going to talk with you on this side.
All right?
God bless you.
You may go back to your seats.
You may be seated.
Now, one of the reasons why we are going to receive communion is because the Bible calls it a cup of blessing.
The cup of blessing which we bless.
Is it not the communion of the Lord?
Amen.
First Corinthians 10 verse 16, the cup
of blessing which we bless.
The cup of what?
Blessing which we bless.
The cup of blessing which we bless.
So, the cup you are going to drink from is a cup of blessing.
So, you know what?
The more we have holy communion, the more blessing can mean a lot of
Derek Prince, you know, he used to have communion every day.
Yeah.
Some people have communion every day.
I can't imagine that we used to have communion once in a while.
Like in a year, we would have it once or twice or three times.
Yes.
But it's a blessing.
How many realize that a lot of snakes we are jumping all over the place trying to avoid?
Hmm.
So, thank God for a cup of blessing.
Every Sunday, you can receive a blessing from the cup of blessing.
A blessing from the cup full of blessing.
That's what it means.
The cup of blessing is a cup full of blessings.
A cup full of blessing.
Stand to your feet.
Father, we present this bread and we thank you.
whatever we couldn't get from our parents from the genes and the DNA of our parents as we take the body of Jesus Christ we thank you father that we are receiving the DNA of Jesus himself because Jesus said this is my body this is my body which is broken for you this is my body
Let your body enter our bodies.
What you have, let us have it.
What we couldn't get from our parents' genes, let us receive it today.
If our parents' genes were given short life, as we lift up this bread, we believe that we are having the long life, the eternal life
That comes through Jesus Christ our Savior.
We praise you.
Heavenly Father, we worship you.
We honor you.
We thank you.
The body of Jesus Christ.
Now, the cup of blessing.
Whatever cash is working in your life by this blessing in this cup is neutralized.
Blessing plus cash is equal to zero.
Two blessings plus one cash is equal to one blessing.
May this cash
be more than anything you have done to activate a blessing, a curse in your life.
May this blessing of this cup be more than anything you have ever done to activate a curse in your life.
The cup of blessing.
Lift your hands.
May a father's blessing be your portion.
May you imagine as one of the good sons, one of the good daughters.
May you carry a blessing on your forehead.
May you never be replaced by another of the children.
May your seat be secure.
May your rod be secure.
May your place be secure.
May the Father himself bestow upon you the blessings of a good son and a good daughter in the name of Jesus Christ.
Whatever causes a son or a daughter to live a short life
ceases to exist in your life today.
Whatever causes a son to receive a rebuke and a curse from a father instead of a blessing, that thing ceases to exist in your life in the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Beginning from
walk in blessings that come from Jesus.
Amen.
For the Father has sent Jesus that he might bless us.
May you experience blessings that you never thought you would see.
Amen.
And as it was in the case of Jacob who said I had never thought to see your face.
But the Lord has shown me even
So also things that you thought you would never see.
What you thought was lost.
May the Lord grant it back to you a hundredfold.
Receive the blessing of your father.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Escape the curse.
And be blessed with a blessing.
May all my mockers be cursed.
May all those who whisper against me be cursed.
May all those who deceive me be cursed.
May all those who lie around me be cursed.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Let the blessing of the Father be upon the sons.
And let the curse be upon the vagabonds.
The liars and the thieves and the wicked.
May they have a full recompense of their reward.
in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
Amen.